These CSV files are from the LinkedIn Learning course: Excel Managing and Analyzing Data Link:https://www.linkedin.com/learning/excel-managing-and-analyzing-data?u=0
Presented By: Oz du Soleil
They were used as a follow along tutorial as I learn more advanced functions for managing and analyzing data in Excel. 
If you copy any of these files ensure that you give proper credit to Oz du Soleil and his LinkedIn Learning Course: Excel Managing and Analyzing Data.

Order of Flow:
    1. Checking Data Quality
    2. Splitting Columns and Data Clean-up
    3. Data Preperation
    4. Working with Multiple Datasets
    5. Sorting and Filtering Data
    6. Other Data Analysis Tools and Methods

Contents:
My_ETL is where you can find the work that I have done on the datasets.
Files with the LL_ prefix are the source data from the LinkedIn Learning course, subdivided into individual sections of the course; 
these are named to reflect the chapters of the course they belong to.

Purpose:
This directory is to showcase my knowledge and skill with Excel and Data Analysis, topics covered:
    1. Pivot Tables for Data Quality Checks
    2. Using =Unique to search for duplicates
    3. Conditional Formating for Stray Values
    4. Using Flash Fill
    5. Splitting Data with Dynamic Arrays
    6. Splitting Columns with Power Query
    7. Splitting Columns to Rows with Formulas
    8. Structuring Data for Optimum used
    9. Formatting Data in an Excel Tables
    10. Evaluating and Monitoring Data with =COUNTA
    11. Unpivoting Tables with Power Query
    12. Converting Arrays to Columns with =TOCOL
    13. Flattening Reports
    14. Retreiving Data with =VLOOKUP and =XLOOKUP
    15. Importing and Combining Datasets in Excel
    16. Appending Data sets in Excel
    17. Power Query Joins
        a. Left Outer Join
        b. Full Outer Join
        c. Right Outer Join
        d. Inner Join
        e. Right Anti-Join
        f. Left Anti-Join
    18. Data Sorting:
        a. Multiple Criteria
        b. Color, Font, or Cell Icon
        c. Custom Lists
        d. Power Query Sort
        e. Daynamic Arrays 
            i. SORT
            ii. SORTBY
        f. Dynamic Array Filtering
        g. Text, Numeric, and Data Filters
        h. Power Query Filter
        i. Dynamic Table Filtering with Slicers
    19. Other Data Analysis Tools and Methods
        a. SUMIFS, COUNTIFS, and related Functions for Data Analysis
        b. Pivot Tables for Basic Analysis
        c. Using Tables to Support Pivot Table Integrity
        d. Identifying Top & Bottom values with Conditional Formatting